Microsoft feedback (#96)
oauthstuff/draft-ietf-oauth-security-topics: A04_attacks-and-mitigations.md

the attacker is able to send the authorization response to an attacker-controlled URI, the attacker will directly get access to the fragment carrying the
access token.

> Additionally, implicit grants (and also other grants when using `response_mode=fragment` as defined in [@OpenID.MRT]) can be subject to a further kind of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, implicit grants (and also other grants when using `response_mode=fragment` as defined in [@OAuth.Responses]) can be subject to a further kind of
```

Reviewer: Please use the same reference name as in OpenID.Core

importantly, authorization codes or `state` values can be disclosed in
this way. Although specified otherwise in [@RFC9110], Section 10.1.3,
the same may happen to access tokens conveyed in URI fragments due to

> browser implementation issues, as illustrated by a (now fixed) issue in the Chromium project [@bug.chromium].

Reviewer 2: It's still my feeling that this bug is too small to mention. Chrome has had hundreds of security bugs in the past decade, but this document doesn't suggest (for example) that OAuth implementations take additional steps to add randomness to tokens to mitigate [CRIME](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CRIME).
